hi girls how are you i have a john
mccain i'm gonna do about even super
extend mascaras looks like this it's a
black one and i don't like this is kinda
at all actually it's really bad mascara
to have its really do long your lashes
but it's really harmful to your lashes
because it's really stick to it and when
you wash it try to remove it with makeup
remover which it was soup or face
cleanser it doesn't talk very easily
just to have some flakes and all over
your face and just like I am undressed
my lash from the mascara and it's really
harmful make my lash really pain it
really is painful I I feel my lashes
just oh my god again I can't I can't
handle pain from removing this mascara
from it and I have to wash my face three
times or four times to take off the
almost cada from my lashes and it's a
really annoying thing hope I can if you
see this on this is in scar
this is he the brush comes looks like
and it's a flexible one I love this what
kind of flexible one it's really
suitable for my lashes but it's really
PD material of the US car itself is
really bad I don't like it because it's
really harmful to my lashes maybe you
use it and you love it but I don't like
at all so I give this mascara some down
I just use it when necessary actually I
don't use me any more now because I have
some kind of from squad you misspell
when I didn't have and I waited to buy
one I just use this thing I was so bad
so it's a very quick about this mascara
I hope you like my videos and see you
soon bye bye